Riding a bike is fun?
But did you ever ride
on a road full of holes?
Or cars?
Or both?
That's not nice.
The province of East Flanders
asked us to create a mapping tool,
based on OpenStreetMap,
where you and the towns of East-Flanders,
can add, edit and overview
all bicycle routes!
This will allow cyclists to
reference bike friendly lanes,
directly from their phone,
and the towns will know exactly
where to improve their bike infrastructure.
Thanks to our amazing team, you can now
complete the data, using simple questions,
view all the dangers on the map,
split the roads and so much more!
Wow, riding a bike in
East-Flanders will be better than ever!
Do you have any more questions?
Please come visit us at our
Bike repair café ☕🎵
Hope to see you there!
(bell ringing)
Bye!